update leopard wasm (#101)
Picovoice/leopard: binding/web/README.md

Leopard saves and caches your model file in IndexedDB to be used by WebAssembly. Use a different `modelPath` variable
to hold multiple models and set the `forceWrite` value to true to force re-save a model file. Set `enableAutomaticPunctuation`
to false, if you do not wish to enable capitalization and punctuation in transcription. Increment version

> so the model is updated each time the model file (`.pv`) changes.

Reviewer: can you explain the version concept a bit more, sometime like:

```suggestion
If the model file (`.pv`) changes, `version` should be incremented to force the cached model to be updated.
```
to make the function of `version` clear
